speed weapons shields

speed weapons hull

speed weapons sensors

-speed shields hull

	"Engineer O'Hogan! There's a shortcut home through that asteroid field! Get us there on the double!"
	
	"Aye Captain, isolating the neutrino matrix and energizing the tribromium gemoids."
	<speed minigame>
	"The asteroids are densilating in response to the neutrino matrices! Power to shields and brace for impact!"
	
	"Did they not cyberstealth the neutrino beams? Those bloody idiots..."
	<shield minigame>
	*crash sounds*
	"Hull breach on deck 78! Demodulate the deck controllers and start repairs!"
	
	"Rechemistrizing the tritanium omega alloys, captain!"
	<hull minigame>
	"Once again, I lead us to glorious victory! Three cheers for the captain!"
	
speed shields sensors

-speed hull sensors

	"A black hole quantum bored directly behind the ship! Increase speed to 157%!"
	
	"I'll have to jet the neutron saturator and gabbrolize the engine bay to achieve speeds like that!"
	<speed minigame>
	

weapons shields hull

-weapons shields sensors

	"Engineer O'Hogan, I have a feeling there's a valueable ore deposit in that asteroid. Calibrate the hypersensors for galvanized bistanium."

	"Galvanized bistanium will never show up unless I superconduct the hypersensors first."
	<sensor minigame>
	"Great Scott! A Freon ship was on the asteroid and quantum detected the sensor sweep! Divert power to shields!"

	"I can't just quantum tunnel the power that fast! I'll need to microwormhole the tachyonic ramscoops and reennervate the macro reflective projectile space instead."
	<shield minigame>
	"Now, fire all weapons!"

	"For the love of -- I need to harmonize the targetting mode for the vasatrons to have any effect!"
	<weapon minigame>
	"Once again, I lead us to glorious victory! Three cheers for the captain!"

weapons hull sensors 

shields hull sensors


cloaked enemy ship

asteroid field

nearby black hole

enemy ship exits warp






Yellow Alert - Captain, choose a course of action!
We've sustained damage, captain, what are your orders?
There's an asteroid field ahead, captain, what would you like to do? (scan for valuable ores/take a shortcut through)
Red Alert! There's an enemy ship approaching (fight/run away/hide)
There's an important diplomat on board the ship, Captain, how shall we protect them?"